# The-Arcana-hack
How to Get Free Coins and Keys in Arcana OCTOBER 12, 2018 LENCIPETA UNCATEGORIZED  How to cheat in The Arcana: A Mystic Romance on iOS/Android    The Arcana: A Mystic Romance The Arcana: A Mystic Romance About The Arcana: A Mystic Romance The Arcana: A Mystic Romance is a mobile game published by Nix Hydra Games . The Arcana: A Mystic Romance is available for download on Playstore and iOS Appstore for $0.0.  How to cheat in The Arcana: A Mystic Romance? To use any of our free The Arcana: A Mystic Romance cheats . Just select a cheat code from the list below and enter it into the cheats console and your are done. It’s that easy. There is no need to download any complicated or dangerous hack tools on your phone or pc. Our The Arcana: A Mystic Romance cheats can be used on any device with internet access. In some cases (during high server load etc) you might need to our captcha test to verify that you are not a spam bot. This helps use keep our service safe from spammers, and keep server cost down, so that we can keep providing you with this service free of cost. If you have any problems using our The Arcana: A Mystic Romance hack or need further help please leave a comment below.  Cheats for hacking The Arcana: A Mystic Romance : Coin Pack 1 $1.99 >>>   “FREE” Coin Pack 2 $4.99 >>>   “FREE” Coin Pack 5 $9.99 >>>   “FREE” Key Refill 1 $0.99 >>>    “FREE” Coin Pack 7 $39.99 >>> “FREE” The Arcana: A Mystic Romance console  Features: * Get ALl in-app Items for free * Get Unlimited lives for free * Skip or unlock any level your want  More about The Arcana: A Mystic Romance The Arcana is a Romance/Mystery story game set in a mystical Tarot world. Download the best kept secret in the app store.  You are a prodigy of the magical arts, left to your own devices by your wandering mentor. Make choices that shape your story as you fall headfirst into a whirlwind adventure, filled with a colorful cast of characters who all have one thing in common: their interest in you.  Delve deep into the heart of intrigue, and uncover a murder mystery that still hangs over the city like a shroud.  Be careful what secrets you reveal and what choices you make… yours is not the only fate that hangs in the balance. Magic, romance and mystery await. Who will you choose to love and who will you choose to condemn? How will your story unravel?  The Arcana is a luxurious and interactive visual story and otome inspired dating sim. You can choose your own romance, story, and date your choice of characters. The mystery unfurls in 22 books (or episodes) that correspond to the 22 Major Arcana cards in Tarot.  Inside The Arcana, a player in search of love, romance, magic and mystery can:  – indulge in a romance with a character of your choice (or romance them all!) – make choices through an otome-inspired, interactive murder mystery story – choose your own pronouns and be whoever you want to be – play a dating sim with a twist – fall in love…  Want to know more about this romance game? Check out our FAQ page: http://bit.ly/Arcana  Join our growing community @thearcanagame on Tumblr, Instagram and Twitter. #thearcanagame  love, The Arcana     The Arcana: A Mystic Romance cheat codes How to hack The Arcana: A Mystic Romance Cheats for The Arcana: A Mystic Romance Hack The Arcana: A Mystic Romance The Arcana: A Mystic Romance mod apk
